Create Living in Open Workspaces.md (#1323)
Techtonica/curriculum: workplace/Living in Open Workspaces.md

## Living in Open Workspaces

Total time: 35 minutes

> - Lesson: 15 min

Reviewer: Add all sections and times here, please.

> - Check for Understanding: 20 min

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check for Understanding: 15 min
```

**What an Employee Needs to Know**

Your employer gets to choose your workplace. Generally, as long as they follow health and safety regulations, your employer can make what might seem like unreasonable demands. Some office spaces are large, and each employee has his or her own private office. It's more likely, though, that you have a cubicle or even share a table with other coworkers. If you prefer to work alone, your employer can say, “no, this is your assigned space.”

**Some of the suggestions which can be implemented in order to ensure a healthy and positive work environment are:**

1. Respect headphones as an indicator of busyness
2. Find a quiet corner if you want to focus
3. Intentionally spend some amount of time without headphones on so others can approach you
4. Send "slack warnings" if you are going to come interrupt someone to reduce surprise

You can refer to this [link](https://www.northeastern.edu/graduate/blog/workplace-etiquette/) to know more steps to be taken regarding the workspace.

## Common Mistakes & Misconceptions

> Refer to this [link](https://www.northeastern.edu/graduate/blog/workplace-etiquette/) to know more about the mistakes to be avoided at a workspace.

Reviewer: tell them which section of the link to read, and how long it will take.

## Check for Understanding

> Write your reflections about this lesson. What, if any, of the concepts presented were new to you? Is there anything you disagree with? Feel free to share other thoughts you have and discuss with your team to increase bonding among the team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note your reflections about this lesson. What, if any, of the concepts presented were new to you? Is there anything you disagree with? 

Spend 10 minutes discussing with a small group.
```

## Living in Open Workspaces

Example: 30-45 minutes

Lesson: ? min
Guided Practice: ?-? min
Independent Practice: ? min
Check for Understanding: ?-? min

## Prerequisites

Here are topics that should be understood before this topic:

> - Basic terms common to workspace

Reviewer: This seems like something that should be more fully described in another section... it is too vague to help here. This section is for listing any outlines that should have been read before this one.

Author: @alodahl So, I will remove the prerequisite section as there is nothing to have to be known before.

## Lesson

The workplace is the location at which an employee provides work for an employer. That seems like a simple enough explanation, but it can become a bit more complex, especially in today's knowledge economy.

**What an Employee Needs to Know**

Your employer gets to choose your workplace. Generally, as long as they follow health and safety regulations, your employer can make what might seem like unreasonable demands. Some office spaces are large, and each employee has his or her own private office. It's more likely, though, that you have a cubicle or even share a table with other coworkers. If you prefer to work alone, your employer can say, “no, this is your assigned space.”

**Some of the suggestions which can be implemented in order to ensure a healthy and positive work environment are:**
1.  Arrive early. You will be remembered for answering your phone at 8:01 a.m. in a world where tardiness is common.
2.  Network with people outside of your cubicle. A perk of having a job at a company you appreciate is meeting other people with similar interests who share advice from their past experiences.

> 3.  Be willing to engage a coworker who asks for your help. Use the opportunity to stand out and share the knowledge you learned as a Husky. Don’t be annoyed by their questions.

Reviewer: What's a Husky?

6.  Do not insert emoticons or multiple exclamation points (if any) into work emails. Despite how relaxed your superiors might act, always be professional.
7.  Do not wear weekend attire to the office. Save the crop tops, flip-flops, and see-through shirts for the weekend. No one will take you seriously if you don’t.
8.  Don’t apply for a job you don’t want. It will be a waste of time for both parties if you meet the employer for an interview and initially know you will decline the position.
9.  Don’t talk back to your boss, even if there isn’t much of an age difference between you two. Hopefully, you will have the chance to climb the career ladder someday. You will want people to respect you then, right?
10. Don’t forget that at work socials, you’re still at work. Be careful not to overdo it if alcohol is being served; everyone will know why you “called in sick” the next day.

## Check for Understanding

Take this [test](http://www.managementcenter.org/tools/quiz/) to check the understanding of your workplace managament skills.

## Supplemental Materials

> - [Workplace rules](https://www.northeastern.edu/graduate/blog/workplace-etiquette/)- It consists of the rules to be followed and the mistakes to be avoided at a workplace

Reviewer: can you make it more clear that you took text from this to create the lesson?  Always cite your sources to avoid plagiarism.

Reviewer: In fact, if this is mostly from that article, can you just tell people to read it as the lesson and give them the link?  You can tell them to notice certain things, but copy-pasta here does not seem efficient or helpful.

## Living in Open Workspaces

Total time: 35 minutes

- Lesson: 15 min
- Check for Understanding: 20 min

## Motivation

> In a [recent study](https://www.business2community.com/human-resources/how-to-design-a-workspace-that-boosts-employee-motivation-02222288), research company IPSOS, discovered that a workspace focused on employee happiness is a powerful driver for productivity.

Reviewer: 😎

The IPSOS study showcases the urgent need for more engaging workspaces:

- 85% of workers feel they don’t work in a space where they can share ideas
- 87% feel there isn’t a place to work in teams
- 84% don’t feel a sense of belonging or a willingness to be a part of company culture

> 

Reviewer: This is cool.  Can you explain what this has to do with open workspaces?

Author: I do not understand. Do you want me to remove this section or add anything? If you want to append anything, please suggest what to add.

Reviewer: There is no context here. Tell them what this has to do with **open** workspaces.

## Objectives

Participants will be able to:

- Know in detail about workspace management
- Manage themselves properly in work environment

> - Learn the skills to be a leader in the workplace

Reviewer: How do they learn this?  Would you tell me how you think leadership comes into a "Living in Open Workspaces" lesson?

## Materials

- [Open office environment and ground rules](https://www.coworkingresources.org/blog/open-office-etiquette-and-ground-rules)- It lists the regulations which can be followed to set up a positive workspace.

> - [Managing Workplace Conflict](https://www.shrm.org/resourcesandtools/tools-and-samples/toolkits/pages/managingworkplaceconflict.aspx)- This toolkit provides an overview about how employers and employees can manage and resolve workplace conflict

Reviewer: This is useful.  Did you know we already have [this lesson](https://github.com/Techtonica/curriculum/blob/master/career/conflict-resolution.md) about Interpersonal Conflict Resolution? You can either mention this lesson, ie "For more on Conflict Resolution, see the Techtonica Conflict Resolution Outline".  Or, you could put that link into the Conflict Resolution outline instead if you want.

## Lesson

> 

Reviewer: Can you just tell them to read your Workplace Rules link, and the other materials links, and tell them what parts to read, what to notice, and how long to spend on it?

I'm not convinced that any content under Lesson or Common Mistakes & Misconceptions is original.

Author: I think adding only the links would be useful.

Reviewer: Ok, please remove this content and tell them which section of the link to read, and how long it will take.

Reviewer: Ok, please remove this content and tell them which section of the link to read, and how long it will take.

## Common Mistakes & Misconceptions

The following actions should be avoided in a workplace:

1.  Don’t “Reply All” to an email chain. Understand the differences—and repercussions—between “Reply” and “Reply All” to avoid humiliation.
2.  Don’t have a personal conversation at your desk. Find a conference room to discuss after-work issues that you must have with your best friend, sister, significant other, or landlord (or anyone who isn’t related to work, actually).
3.  Don’t bring your emotions into the office. Your desk neighbor doesn’t want to hear your sob story from the weekend, so leave that at the door.
4.  Don’t be afraid to ask questions, despite how silly you think they seem. This way, you will avoid erroneously completing an entire project only to realize you did it all wrong.
5.  Don’t gossip about your coworkers…or your boss. You’re not hurting anyone but yourself when you do. Better yet, don’t be so intolerable that people gossip about you.

Refer to this [link](https://www.northeastern.edu/graduate/blog/workplace-etiquette/) to know more about the mistakes to be avoided at a workspace.

## Check for Understanding

> Take this [test](http://www.managementcenter.org/tools/quiz/) to check the understanding of your workplace managament skills.

Reviewer: I don't think this quiz is about open workspaces; it is about managing your employees as a manager.

Instead, can you provide some small-group discussion questions here that will show whether the objectives have been learned?
